Javascript: Added a git history section to A Deeper Look At Git Lesson (#25803)
TheOdinProject/curriculum: git/intermediate_git/a_deeper_look_at_git.md

### Introduction

> $ git log --oneline  

Author: Yes

You might be feeling overwhelmed at this point, so let's recap what we've learned. A branch is simply a pointer to a single commit. A commit is a snapshot, and it's a pointer to the commit directly behind it in history. That's it!

### Looking into your Git History

You know how it is often said that you need to learn from the past in order to move into the future? Well, the same applies when it comes to your Git history.

> At this point, you probably know to view your commits by using the `git log` command or by checking your repository on GitHub. While that's effective, here's a stronger and simpler way to see your commits. The `git log --oneline`command. With this command, the terminal displays each commit on a single line.

Reviewer: This lesson already mentions `git log` 6 times, so this introduction seems out of place. In addition, I don't think using this command is stronger & because it is an extra word, I don't think simpler describes it well either.
```suggestion
At this point, you should be familiar with using `git log` to view your commit history. While that's effective, there is a `--oneline` option to see an compact view of your commits. As you can imagine, using `git log --oneline` will have each commit on a single line.
```

> At this point, you probably know to view your commits by using the `git log` command or by checking your repository on GitHub. While that's effective, here's a stronger and simpler way to see your commits. The `git log --oneline`command. With this command, the terminal displays each commit on a single line.

Reviewer: Are you wanting these to be two different paragraphs or combined into 1? If you want 2 paragraphs, you need to put an empty line in between them.

> Now you may be wondering _what_ can we do with this information? Remember the command `git checkout`? This has another use-case when viewing your commit history. In the command line, you can use `git checkout <commit ID>` to view commits in another branch. This is useful if you are working with another developer on a project and want to see their code.

Reviewer: use case should not have a hyphen

> Now you may be wondering _what_ can we do with this information? Remember the command `git checkout`? This has another use-case when viewing your commit history. In the command line, you can use `git checkout <commit ID>` to view commits in another branch. This is useful if you are working with another developer on a project and want to see their code.

Reviewer: I find this paragraph confusing. If I was working with another developer and wanted to see their branch, I would check out their branch, not just a commit on their branch.

I believe a better use case would be if I broke some functionality and I wanted to go back a commit or two to see how it was working before.

I do not believe this paragraph is thorough enough, because when checking out a commit like this, it will put them in a 'detached HEAD' state, which can cause confusion.

2. Read [think-like-a-git](http://think-like-a-git.net/)

    - Take your time with this resource as well, it's very well written and will be very helpful in solidifying your understanding of Git.

3. Read the chapter on [Rebasing covered by git-scm](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Git-Branching-Rebasing) for an even deeper dive into Rebasing.

4. Read the chapter on [Reset covered by git-scm](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Git-Tools-Reset-Demystified) for a deeper dive into `git reset`.

</div>

### Additional Resources

This section contains helpful links to related content. It isn’t required, so consider it supplemental.

- Read this [Git Cheat Sheet](https://www.atlassian.com/git/tutorials/atlassian-git-cheatsheet) if you need a reference sheet.
- Watch this [video about Rebase & Merge](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f1wnYdLEpgI) for an example of how to use both rebase and merge.
- Read the chapter on [Branches covered by git-scm](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Git-Branching-Branches-in-a-Nutshell) if you want an even deeper dive into Branches.

> - Watch this[video on merge conflicts](https://youtu.be/HosPml1qkrg) to learn how to solve them in Visual Studio Code.

Reviewer: I believe this video would be better as an additional resource than as part of the assignment.

Reviewer: I see.. my confusion is because there now seems to be 2 additional resource areas in this lesson that will need to be fixed.

Author: I see @rlmoser99. I created a second Additional Resources section so that learners can see that the link I placed there corresponds to the Git History lesson, but I'll definitely add it to the first one instead.
